So now finally, the very last functionality we want to move over is
our createStore invocation as well as providing the store to our provider component.
So, we will do all of that inside of our main index.js file up here.
So, we want to import a few different things.
We want to grab our root reducer,
which is going to come from our reducer's folder.
And if you do something like this,
what's going to happen is,
reducer is going to be whatever the index.js file inside of our reducer's folder exports,
which if you look at this is going to be our invocation of combined reducers.
So, we're going to use the same pattern for our middleware by
grabbing whatever is coming from the index.js file in our middleware folder,
which is going to be our invocation of applied middleware.
And then, we also want to grab the Provider component,
which is coming from react-redux, and then finally,
we want to grab createStore,
which is going to come from redux itself.
So, now what we want to do is create our store.
We can do that by invoking createStore parsing it two things,
our reducer as well as our middleware, and then now,
when we call ReactDOM.render,
what we want to do is,
we want to wrap this inside of our Provider component.
We want to parse the store down to provider.
Now, odds are, we have a few different errors here for moving everything over.
Let's go ahead and fix those now.
So, it looks like this first one is RECEIVE_DATA
is not defined inside of our goals reducer.
So, we probably just forgot to import that, and we did.
So, we need to grab RECEIVE_DATA,
which is going to come from actions/shared,
and I wonder if we forgot to do that same thing inside of our todos reducer.
It looks like we did.
So, we want to grab RECEIVE_DATA coming from actions/shared, and then loading.
I'm assuming we didn't make that same mistake.
Yeah, we did not. So, we have that here.
So, now let's see if our app is working. So, there we go.
So, what we have now is our same app that we had before.
We can remove different items,
we can toggle todos,
we can add new goals,
and everything is working the exact same as it was before.
But now, what we have,
instead of having everything in a single file,
we had now moved everything over to
our main application that we created with createReact app.